(Memorandum)
"I, Hong Young Hye, swear
to the followings."
"Regardless of Lee So Won's
relation to her,"
"I, Hong Young Hye,
will raise Oh Han Gyul."
Is this true?
Oh, my. This is unbelievable.
This is quite a show you're putting on.
What are you doing, Young Hye?
You're making Mrs. Yang uncomfortable.
Get up already.
I told you to stand up.
Excuse me. You're going too far.
I only asked if you stand by what's
written on the memorandum.
Did I ask you to kneel in front of me?
It's your family who made a mistake.
Why are you trying to make me look bad?
You asked...
if I stand by the memorandum.
I do.
People adopt children, but Han Gyul...
shares our family's blood.
If no one is willing to raise her,
I will raise Han Gyul.
Just like what the memorandum says,
I will bother neither you nor Yeon Ju.
I can register her under my family...
and raise her. I'm willing to do so.
Do you believe us now?
This is my wife's and my intention.
She promised you as she knelt
down before you.
Please trust us.
But...
I'd like to ask you of this.
Please...
help So Won not become the father
who abandons his own daughter.
That poor girl just turned six.
Please help her grow up with her dad.
Please help us not do wrong
by that little girl.
She had such a hard life.
I'm begging you.
Please. I hope you can accept her.
Please. I'm begging you.
Goodness. Oh, my.
I can't be a match to you.
I thought you only took care
of house chores at home,
had no idea how this world worked,
and were clueless.
After hearing you, I realized
you're better than your husband.
So I noticed...
you only talked about it in favor of you.
No, no. That's not true.
No, be quiet. Don't interrupt us.
Stop telling me your nonsense. So let me get this straight.
What you mean to say is that you can follow the memorandum,
but if we are willing to raise her,
it would be the icing on the cake?
Okay. I see.
- Wait. - I understand.
Mrs. Yang, we...
Yes, I heard you loud and clear. I understand what you said.
I will consider what you said...
and tell you what we think about this. So wait until then.
And when that time comes, you can't take back what you said.
Mrs. Yang.
Mrs. Yang, Mrs. Yang.
Well, let me explain, Mrs. Yang.
Please let me...
You said you wanted to get some fresh air as you were frustrated.
Is this where you wanted to be?
Whatever decisions our parents make, it's our lives.
Let's make our own decisions, and not let them...
make decisions for us.
It's cold.
Your bronchial tubes aren't strong. You might catch a cold.
Let's go home.
This is strange.
For the four years we lived together,
I've never felt that you loved me.
But why are you being so affectionate now?
Are you pitying me now that we might get a divorce?
It's probably...
because I don't want to lose you.
Why don't you want to lose me?
I'm sure it's not because you have fallen in love with me suddenly.
Is it because of the money that my mom can provide you?
I went to a fortune-teller to ask about our marital compatibility,
and he told me this.
We will never...
live together in happy union.
But I told Mom he said we were meant to be...
as I was afraid she'd object to our marriage.
Because I loved you that much.
Do you remember the day we first met?
When you walked into the cafe,
I thought I could even be your maid...
only if I could live with you.
And I still...
feel the same way.
After I found out about Han Gyul,
I was so mad and upset.
So I tried to hate you.
I tried hard to abandon you.
But I can't.
But that doesn't mean I can raise someone else's child like this.
Then what do you want to do?
Do you want me to decide what I want in my life?
I've already made up my mind.
If we get divorced,
I don't want to live anymore.
I can't live without you. I rather...
- Yeon Ju. - I really mean it.
This is my decision.
So think about it.
If you have a conscience,
just do what your father tells you.
If you insist to raise Han Gyul,
I will...
I'll leave this world immediately.
You know what I mean, don't you?
Tiger, where are you going?
I'm going to see my dad.
Han Gyul, you don't have a dad, do you?
That's not true. I have a dad too.
He's the best dad in the world.
And I'll live with my dad.
Are you envious?
Did you call me, Chairman Kevin?
There's something I can't understand no matter how hard I try.
Is something wrong?
I met a guy named Go Jung Do...
in the elevator yesterday.
- He got off on the third floor. - He did?
What was he doing in this building?
The place I first met Jung Hwa Young...
was the basement garage of our company.
If it were just once, I'd think it was coincidental.
But I met the couple here.
I'm sure they have some connection with our company.
Then...
is one of our employees their family?
That's right. And he might be Jung Hwa Young's child...
as I expected.
Then...
he might be your...
After she disappeared in Seattle, I was getting rid of her things,
and I found baby clothes in her bag.
She wanted to have a kid back then, so she could've just bought it.
But there's a chance she was pregnant.
I've come this far thinking about it all the time.
If Anna were alive,
she would've come to Korea.
Once I find her,
I thought I'd finally solve my life-long problem.
But when you met her,
you saw she had only two children.
She could've lied to me.
Just like how she deleted her past and lives as Jung Hwa Young.
She only has bad memories about me.
I bet she couldn't accept the fact that I'm the father of her child.
I'll go check...
if your guess is true.
Promise me.
Don't ever go near that woman.
Okay. I don't want to go near her.
It won't happen.
Eun Byul, you didn't answer him.
You stole my necklace. Is there anything you can say?
Apologize to your mom now.
I know that too.
It's my fault that I stole Mom's necklace.
But is it a bad thing to do?
The man in Mom's necklace. It's Tae Yang's birth father, right?
We're old enough to know what's going on.
Grandma promised me.
If she finds out about the man, she can protect Tae Yang.
So I was going to show her the picture.
- What's so bad about it? - Go Eun Byul!
How many times did I tell you?
She's not your grandmother. I told you not to meet her...
or even talk to her.
Don't be absurd.
She gave birth to you. Why is she not my grandmother?
You always tell us to be nice to Mom.
How can you treat your mother like that?
What did Grandma do wrong?
From the way I see her, she's just nice and kind.
Stop it!
Do you want me to tell you the truth?
What she's done to us.
Do you want me to tell you that?
She's done...
No. Stop it.
Don't you dare meet her one more time.
I'll never let it slide.
I'm serious.
Remember what Dad just said.
And the man in the picture...
has nothing to do with Tae Yang, so stop being ridiculous.
And don't tell Tae Yang anything.
- Okay? - Okay.
Go to your rooms.
Woo Joo, isn't it strange?
I know. Mom is being strange.
The man in the picture looks just like Tae Yang.
In fact, I think I saw him in the parking lot yesterday.
The rich man I talked about?
Yes. I think it was him.
Then he must work at that company.
He looks quite rich. He might be an executive or something.
Then Tae Yang and his birth father work at the same company?
I should go ask Grandma about it.
Hey, if Dad finds it out, you won't get away with it.
He wouldn't kill me for it.
I'll find out the truth and tell Tae Yang about it.
That his birth father is working at the same company with him.
(SC Food and Beverage, Menu Research and Development Team)
Gosh, I'm tired. This is so heavy.
I might have hemorrhoids if I keep carrying heavy things.
Gosh, my arms hurt.
Gosh, what was that?
He's just unbelievable.
Hey. Excuse me.
I clearly told you.
We should help each other.
But if you keep standing out like this,
I won't just ask you that.
I'll threaten you instead.
- Hey. - Yes.
I almost joined the military.
I'm a tough girl.
If you ever have your eyes on my position...
You know what I mean? Okay?
Gosh, are you insane?
What should we do?
It's all wet.
I'll go get some tissue.
Gosh, he's crazy.
He's so pathetic.
Gosh, what should I do?
What?
What's this?
Take a look.
(Project Proposal of New Menu for Christmas Season)
What's this?
You should practice for your presentation.
- That's why you're all dressed up? - What?
That's not true.
This is how I'm usually dressed.
You should do it. Unlike you, I'm not dressed up.
I'm too shy to present.
It's okay. No matter what you wear, you look just cool.
I know that.
But you look better than me today.
Let's start.
- Chef Jung. - It'll be a good experience.
I've done this a lot. It's your turn.
You don't have to do this.
The new menu for the Christmas season...
is Pork Neck Love Set.
Hey, Ru Ri!
We're in trouble. This is a disaster.
What's going on?
Manager Jung, what's your new menu for the presentation?
Pork Neck Love Set.
I knew it. You should see this.
This is Chef No's proposal.
(Pork neck steak, steak sauce, and rice ball)
(Tender, marinated pork neck steak)
This recipe is exactly like our recipe except for the names.
Even the side dish and the sauce are the same.
What could've happened?
This can't be a coincidence, can it?
I think they plagiarized ours.
That's exactly what I thought.
The chef and the assistant both look ugly,
and on top of that, they are not even ethical.
What should we do? The presentation will start in any minute.
Ru Ri, you can do the presentation just like you practiced, right?
Chef Jung.
If they copied our recipes word for word, there must be a trap.
I should find out what that is.
You should go.
The first presentation of SC Food and Beverage's...
Menu Development Department...
for the Christmas promotion will begin now.
Each team will present their new recipes they developed.
Through votes, we will decide which team's new recipe will be used...
for the new dish of the Christmas promotion.
First off...
(1st Presentation for the Christmas Promotion)
Are you late again as always?
I'm sorry.
Chef Jung isn't feeling too well. So today,
I will give the presentation on his behalf.
Is that so? Intern Lee Ru Ri, you will go first.
The new recipe our team developed for Christmas is...
Pork Neck Love Set.
I'm certain that they copied our recipes.
But how did they get their hands on our proposal?
Ru Ri doesn't have a big mouth.
Then did you tell someone about your recipes?
I tried to keep our recipes from leaking.
They'd need my passcode to get into my computer. So it's not possible.
Goodness.
If they were computer geniuses, they could've gotten into it.
What do you think hackers do?
That must be it.
I'm sure when everyone went home,
they must've come and stolen your recipes secretly.
The most significant feature of our new recipe is...
that we have broken the prejudice that only beef...
can be cooked as steaks.
We can use the pork neck, which is an affordable ingredient,
so the dish will be cost-effective.
They're going to make steaks with pork?
- How is that possible? - This is strange.
- Are they serious? - Why would they do this?
Instead of using meat tenderizers, we can use the marinade...
and by making slits on the steaks...
Hold on.
Why are Chef Jung and Chef No's recipes identical?
I think they stole the recipe that I developed.
- What? - No, that's not true.
We never stole his recipe.
We developed the recipe after spending nights in the office.
Do you think you can get away with lying here?
How could you copy someone else's recipe?
Hold on.
We cannot jump to the conclusion that Chef Jung copied...
the recipe just because their recipes are the same.
No.
Not only is the main dish identical, but so is the sauce.
I'm certain that one of the teams must have copied someone's recipe.
If he had done something as daring as this,
he probably did it because he must have connections.
Jung Tae Yang...
wasn't even competent from day one. He was arrogant as he relied...
on his tie with Chairman.
Even if he has connections, stealing someone else's recipe...
should disqualify him as a chef.
No. I can swear.
We never stole their recipe.
We even stayed up all night yesterday in the office...
because we were trying to develop our sauce.
Manager Joo.
Can you prove that Chef Jung copied the recipe?
Of course.
I have a definite piece of evidence.
After work?
Yes. I think my personal documents have leaked.
I'd like to catch who did it.
After everyone went home,
was there anyone who did something suspicious at night?
I don't know. Let me see.
There was someone like that lately.
That's right. All right. That must be the culprit.
Who is that?
I was on my patrol around 11pm.
I saw the lights were on in the office for the Menu Development.
Hey! Stop! Hey, stop right there.
I couldn't see as it was dark.
Hey!
- Come back. - From the back,
- she was tall and slim. - Hey, miss!
You know the girl you work with?
It was definitely her.
This is all thanks to you, Chef Jung.
I wanted to use this knife,
so I stayed late every night and practiced in secret.
Lee Ru Ri.
Were there any other people except her?
Except for her, there wasn't anyone who was suspicious.
The rest were part of the Menu Development Team.
Like who in the Menu Development Team?
Manager Joo and Chef No stayed pretty late recently,
but only when you weren't around, Chef Jung.
Goodness, I know exactly what happened.
They were together when you weren't around...
because they were copying your recipe.
I have a feeling that it's them,
but I need definite evidence.
What is the definite piece of evidence...
that Chef Jung copied Chef No's recipe?
First off,
Chef No's proposal was already submitted last week.
Chef Jung's proposal was submitted this morning.
If both recipes are identical, who do you think copied the recipe?
Of course, it's Chef Jung.
I'm sure he went into the office without my knowing...
and stole the recipe.
That's not true.
We finished our recipe this morning.
That's an excuse.
After seeing this proposal, I did some digging in secret.
So did you find evidence that Chef Jung stole the recipe?
Yes.
The person who stole the recipe is in this room.
Ms. Lee Ru Ri.
On the 4th and 15th,
at 11pm when everyone had gone home,
you were in the Menu Development Team's office alone, weren't you?
No.
It is true I was in the office,
but I wasn't there to steal.
I was practicing cooking.
We really did not copy their recipe.
Please believe us. It's the truth.
- Could this be true? - She stayed late in the office?
- She was alone in there. - Their recipes are identical.
- Can you believe her? - I don't think it's the truth.
- She could have stolen it. - It makes sense if she stole it.
Somehow, you turned me into the vicious one here.
Why are you sighing? You're not old enough to have trouble.
Grandmother.
What is it?
Who is that lady the other day?
The lady?
The lady with big eyes who came with Dad.
I see.
Why?
Were you thinking about her?
Who is the lady?
She's just...
someone Dad loves the most.
But she...
doesn't like me?
Is that why...
Dad isn't coming to see me?
Han Gyul.
Listen to me carefully.
She is a very nice person.
Right now, she's just surprised because you appeared...
out of the blue.
She will be nice to you as time passes.
Okay.
I hope I can live with Dad and that lady soon.
I hope we can get along and not fight like Grandfather.
Please...
help So Won not become the father who abandons his own daughter.
That poor girl just turned six.
Please help her grow up with her dad.
Han Gyul. Han Gyul!
What is it? Did you call me?
Hey, how many times did I tell you?
I told you that you cannot address adults casually.
Are you an adult?
Yes.
You're a kid, and I'm an adult.
So you must address me formally with honorifics.
"Did you call for me, Dad?"
You're not my dad!
Are you an idiot? I'm your dad.
No!
You punk!
Fine, fine. You win.
Whatever it is, you must do an errand for me later.
Young Hye.
You startled me.
Why would I startle you?
Other people might think that I abuse you or something.
You're in my way. Leave my kitchen.
You're so mean. Why do you hate me so much?
I fell in love with you today.
How could you think of such a thing?
I've been harsh on you, saying you're dull.
I'd like to take it all back.
You were like the Iron Lady today.
You're strong inside and soft outside.
You're a calm and confident woman with gentle charisma.
You're Merkel of Korea.
I'm such a lucky guy who married a great lady. Bravo!
Are you teasing me?
I feel very disturbed because of Mrs. Yang.
There's no need to feel that way.
Everything will be all right.
When you...
swallowed your pride and fell on your knees,
I almost lost my temper.
I thought you decided to become a disgrace of our family...
and sling mud at me who has cared only about pride...
throughout his 60 years of life.
I couldn't understand why you were being so humble...
although you didn't have any other choices.
Just say what you want to say.
It's obvious.
Just like Mrs. Yang said,
you're much better than me.
I thought only of the memorandum,
but because you knelt down,
we looked even more truthful.
That's when the look in her face changed,
and the tide turned in our favor.
That's not what I'm interested in.
I said that because I believed it'd be best for So Won and Han Gyul.
You shouldn't be too optimistic.
Mrs. Yang might look soft, but she's actually very uptight.
Don't worry. I have a good feeling.
You know reading others' minds...
is my specialty.
I could see how much she was moved when you lowered yourself.
You did a great job.
I apologize for questioning your love for our son...
for a second.
If So Won doesn't get divorced,
you'll get all the credit.
Come have some bean sprout rice.
After cleaning up the table, I need to take Han Gyul to the dentist.
Wait. Hold on.
Han Gyul.
What is this?
He gave this to me.
Listen. I'm your dad.
You're not my dad!
Goodness.
Her stubbornness tells that she's part of the Lee family.
Open it.
What is this?
Here.
Today, we will commemorate...
our wedding.
I thought about it.
Although you made me worry...
by asking for divorce,
I'm grateful for you as you decided to stay next to me.
You...
made a promise in front of Mrs. Yang.
As a devoted mom who fell on her knees for her son,
follow through with your promise.
It'd be the best if they raise Han Gyul,
but if they don't, we'll take care of her.
Let's think that we had a child late in our life.
Let's devote ourselves to raising her.
I love you, Ms. Hong.
Answer me now!
Why did you stay in the office until such a late hour?
Ms. Intern, you'd better confess frankly.
According to our company code, interns are not allowed...
to stay in the office alone after working hours.
Why did you stay in the office alone at that hour?
You tried to hide because you did something guilty.
You stole Chef No's proposal, didn't you?
Did you collude with Chef Jung and did all this?
Of course she did. This is why...
we shouldn't have hired Chef Jung who's so incompetent.
They did it because they knew Chairman Kevin would back them.
That's not true. I swear this isn't what you think.
I'm serious. Please believe me.
It isn't even worth arguing.
It's obviously plagiarism. Let's draw a conclusion now.
Jung Tae Yang should also be responsible for this.
Where is he now?
If they didn't steal from your computer,
how did they get all those?
Steak, side menus,
and sauces are developed consecutively,
so the proposal was completed in the morning.
How could they've stolen it when there wasn't enough time?
That means they copied it little by little every day...
until this morning.
Then they must've been hiding here...
and watching our every move.
Watching our every move?
Is there anything changed?
Let's see if anything looks unusual.
Myung Rang, pull down the blinds.
Why do you want me to do that out of the blue?
- Just do it. We have no time. - Okay.
There it is.
They're such filthy runts.
What shall we do now?
Mr. Jung, I need you to come with me.
I feel falsely accused.
Let me say this one more time.
We didn't copy their proposal.
Chef Jung isn't someone who would steal others' ideas.
- I'm not that type either. - That's enough.
Where is Mr. Jung?
Mr. Jung is here.
Chef Jung.
Finally, you're here.
I thought you were the kind of person...
who would cowardly lay blame on that intern.
We don't need to hear it anymore.
Just admit what you did and leave the company.
This is an unprecedented unethical case.
You brought disgrace on the company and Chairman Kevin.
Mr. Jung,
did you really plagiarize Chef No's proposal?
If two people made identical proposals,
it means one of them has stolen the other's idea.
I'm saying either I or Chef No would have done such thing.
Exactly. That means you did it.
Aren't you ashamed...
to say that as a chef?
What are you talking about? You know who I am.
Unlike you who used your connections to join the company,
I'm a competent chef...
who is hired fair and square.
Then why did you install this?
Chef No, they found it.
What... What is that?
He used this camera to keep an eye on every move.
He stole my recipes using this.
Is that true, Chef No?
Please don't let him fool you.
He's trying to fool you with that...
as he's driven to the last ditch.
Do you really believe so? Then let me prove...
that you're the culprit.
What do you think you're doing?
There must be video files you recorded with the camera.
Am I wrong?
He is trying...
to deviate from the truth with such a ridiculous claim.
Open it,
Chef No.
If you're really innocent, open it.
You're right! I copied it.
I did it!
But you can't blame me.
If you didn't...
favor him in the first place,
I would've never done this!
You all...
have made me like this.
have the blames too. Get it?
Chef No.
Yeon Ju.
Why are you stuck in your room? You haven't eaten anything.
You're worrying me.
How could I eat now when things are so messed up?
I'll give you money, so call all your friends,
go to a club or something, and have fun...
to relieve stress.
Tell me...
what's on your mind.
Mom.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't live without So Won.
But I also can't raise someone else's child.
I might try if her mother's dead.
She's the one So Won loved so much.
When I think of her,
I can never raise the child.
So?
I gave him the final notice.
I told him if he doesn't give up on the child, I'm going to die.
My gosh. You've gone too far.
Don't back him into a corner.
Don't corner him so much.
What if he decides to go wander off?
That's why I'm going crazy.
I can't tell what's on his mind.
Don't stress yourself.
I know how you feel now,
so I'll clear things up.
Just do as I say.
- You witch. - Oh, my.
You were so mean to her in the past.
That's why your daughter can't get pregnant.
Try your best to run away.
Your daughter or any other offspring...
will never be able to get pregnant!
Oh, my goodness. How harsh.
Gosh.
Like mother, like daughter.
Even her life is like mine.
I can't believe even my daughter...
gets someone else's child.
This is so harsh. Seriously.
Gosh.
My goodness.
Chairwoman.
Attorney Park is here.
Okay. Bring me some tea.
Yes, ma'am.
Have you worked on what I told you?
I've requested provisional attachment already this morning.
He'll get notice in two weeks.
Good job.
The result will be out by tomorrow.
Let's talk about it tomorrow.
Chairwoman.
Are you...
sure about this?
I never say empty words.
This is the only way...
to pressure So Won,
so make sure to get things done.
Hey, So Won.
What are you doing here?
Dad told me you went to the dentist.
What about the hospital?
I emptied the schedule.
Is Han Gyul getting treated?
Yes. She has many cavities.
Was it scary? It's over now. You did well.
Was it that scary? You did great.
Go to your dad.
Don't worry. I'll be right beside you.
Don't cry and get treated well.
Open your mouth.
Han Gyul. Open your mouth.
She's facing it well.
Eun Joo.
Ha Eun Joo.
Catch me if you can.
Come here.
Watch out. Be careful.
Fine.
If things don't work out,
this will be my last card.
Don't touch it. It's mine.
Han Gyul...
can't get along with other children.
She was abandoned alone for too long.
How could Su Mi...
not look after her child?
She must've suffered a lot financially because of the baby...
after she broke up with me.
She ended up using the hospital funds.
She asked her sister to take care of Han Gyul...
as she was being chased by the police,
but her sister didn't take good care of Han Gyul.
She grew up all alone in a dumping ground-like place...
when she needed her parents the most.
No one taught her anything...
that she talks disrespectfully to everyone.
She can't get along with other children.
I'm really worried.
I know.
It hurt me so much in the dentist office.
When I went to volunteer while I was in school,
no matter how painful the treatment is,
the children at the orphanage don't even say a word.
They know there's no one to calm them down...
by their instincts.
That's why...
she endured it in the dentist.
Mom.
I don't know what kind of person I am.
I showed off to everyone...
and lived so arrogantly...
as if I have everything in the world.
But my child...
suffered in agony without me knowing.
I don't know if I deserve to...
live anymore.
That's okay.
This is how you become a parent.
Han Gyul has a long life ahead of her.
If what you couldn't have done for her hurts you,
fill her life with more love,
and treat her even more nicely.
From now on,
don't try to run away,
and be her father. Okay?
You don't like this?
Then...
What about this one?
Do you like this? This is cute.
This is cute. It's wearing a skirt.
You dressed up nicely today. Where have you been?
What are you hiding?
I bought it in front of the hospital.
Is that for your daughter?
You came to talk to me behind Yeon Ju's back, right?
My precious daughter finds it...
hard to sleep and eat,
and grows thinner every day.
But I guess you're enjoying your time with your daughter.
I no longer can stand this.
We should have it out today.
Ms. Hong knelt in front of me...
and begged me...
to let you raise your daughter.
But my answer is no.
The rest is all up to you.
(Consensual divorce intention confirmation document)
I've taken a legal measure to keep you from selling...
all the estates, bonds, assets, and even deposits you have.
As soon as you sign on the document,
you'll be kicked out of my house with empty hands.
However, if you decide to leave your daughter...
to your parents,
I promise to give you a full financial support.
If you want to study abroad,
I'll let you do so. Make a choice.
Are you going to choose my daughter or your daughter?
What do you say?
Hey, you'd better lie low.
You can never be sure that you'd beat me again.
You know how small this industry is.
I'll make sure to pay you back next time.
Don't copy mine then.
Don't worry. I won't.
Gosh. Why did he glare at me like that?
He didn't scare me at all. Help me, Ru Ri.
I think he'll get back at me for snitching on him.
- Dear me! - Hold on, Mr. Kim.
I'm sorry. It's my fault!
Am I okay? Is my cheek okay?
What is that?
What is this?
(New menu proposal for Christmas, Pork Neck Love Set)
Pork Neck Love Set?
Come in.
Sir, the first round of the presentation...
for Christmas promotion is over.
How did it go?
There was a problem, but it went pretty well.
A problem?
It's too trivial to concern you.
- I see. What's the result then? - As you expected,
Jung Tae Yang's proposal is selected.
Actually, I was going over his proposal, and it's interesting.
You really have an eye for people.
He's very competent and decent.
I'm happy to hear that.
Let's go and congratulate him on his success.
Chef No! Chef No!
Thank you for holding the sack.
You know...
- why I did so, right? - Of course I do.
I'll reward you handsomely as I promised.
You know how important it is to have a quick wit...
in such urgent situations.
Lastly, let me tell you something.
Ae Ri,
you always have your way thanks to the silver spoon in your mouth.
But you must be careful.
- What? - You must be careful.
Chef No,
do you think your lousy menu will be selected?
It's Chef Jung's proposal. Learn from this.
Why are you giving this to me?
Some imitations are even better than their originals.
Copy the whole proposal.
This is unbelievable.
Was Manager Joo behind all this?
Wait. I must not be sitting here now.
Where are you going?
I'll tell the director who's really responsible for this.
You did a good job.
I almost got you wrong.
You almost got us wrong? How ridiculous.
Can you still say that in front of this?
We need to talk.
Wait.
I can explain. Please wait.
She's such an obnoxious wench.
Don't worry.
That wench is doomed.
It's just as I expected.
Please wait, Chef Jung. Wait!
What's going on?
Please wait. Please hear me out.
Chef Jung.
Please spare me some moment.
- I can explain everything. - There's no need to.
Just listen to me.
- This is... - Exactly.
You colluded with him...
and put hair in the pasta to drive Ru Ri out.
I knew it from the beginning.
Moreover,
you stole my proposal.
You won't be able to be bailed out this time...
even if you're Chairman's daughter.
So what are you going to do?
Will you tell everything to Dad?
You want to throw me out by making me lose my dad's favor.
Is that why you took me here?
Maybe not.
You wouldn't have wanted to talk to me privately if that was the plan.
What is it?
What do you really want from me?
Would you...
turn a blind eye if I give you money?
How much do you want?
Tell me how much I should give you...
What are you doing?
If you keep bullying the team members including Ru Ri,
I won't let it slide.
Stop being nasty.
This is the last chance.
There's no third chance.
What is it? What is it you want from me?
What are you doing this to me for?
I'm not letting it go because of you.
I'm doing this for the chairman.
Don't tarnish his reputation anymore.
Thank goodness.
Is this the problem you've mentioned earlier?
I apologize.
My goodness.
Call Ae Ri over to my office.
The man in Mom's necklace. It's Tae Yang's birth father, right?
Why are you looking at the photo again?
Didn't you keep it to show Tae Yang someday?
I didn't think he was alive back then.
But now that I know he is,
there's no need to keep it anymore.
Honey,
do you know the best way to keep a secret?
It's not to have any secrets.
Why don't you tell everything to Tae Yang instead?
He must want to know who his biological father is,
although he has never said that because he's so considerate.
I can't do that.
It's already sad enough that he grew up without father.
It's too harsh to tell him that his dad was an alcoholic,
and I even tried to kill him.
It's better to leave him as a great father in his imagination.
What if he finds out about him by accident?
What about the shock he'll get from it?
I'll try to stop that from happening,
but if it's his fate, there's nothing I can do.
Okay.
I was worried about the picture.
It's good that you got rid of it.
Let's...
end it with the past for good.
Justice prevails. Revenge never dies.
Cheers to our new recipe, Pork Neck Love Set.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Good job today. It's on me. Enjoy it tonight.
- Great. - Yes, sir.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri.
Beer tastes so good today.
Excuse me.
Here you go. Your beer.
- Great. - Hey, Ru Ri.
They have an event today.
You get one free if you drink this at once.
You're right.
I'll give it a shot.
I'll try.
Beer goes in with no problem
You keep making me dance
Look at my shoulders They're disjointed
Bottoms up from outside the village
Another shot when the flower blooms
21 shot, shot shot
Everybody
Hey, stop drinking.
Hey, look at your belly.
Don't stop her.
Ru Ri drinks a lot when she's excited.
Her nickname at school was...
a Drinking Hippo.
Of course it was nonalcoholic.
Drinking Hippo on top of a pig.
I have to earn a lot to feed her.
Are you saying you're going to...
My goodness.
Mission accomplished!
Excuse me. Recharge.
Are you that happy?
Yes, I am. I'm so excited.
I know you did most of the work,
and Myung Rang helped me too,
but it's my first time...
being acknowledged for what I did.
You did a great job today.
Actually, the sauce did all the job.
I only placed pork neck...
on top of your sauce.
Not at all.
Why did you call me, Dad?
He knows what happened...
with Jung Tae Yang.
Dad, actually...
Get on the next flight to LA.
Dad.
Don't come back until I call you.
Don't even think about working in the company.
Take her to the airport tomorrow,
and make sure she gets on the flight.
You're so mean.
You wouldn't do this if I were your real daughter.
You're so nice to Jung Tae Yang,
but why are you so mean to me?
We're both not related to you,
but why do you hate me so much?
Fine.
If that's what you want,
I'll disappear from your sight for good.
Give her one more chance.
That won't change her.
I'm sick of getting disappointed in her.
When her mom died,
I promised to take care of her.
I must not be qualified as a parent.
It's been 15 years since I served you.
I've also...
seen Ae Ri grow.
She might change if she has a boyfriend.
Good people affect others.
A boyfriend?
If you think of...
Jung Tae Yang as your successor,
it'd be a good idea to make him see Ae Ri.
Right. Jung Tae Yang.
I'll be your star
I'll always make you happy
Acting and singing
And even comedy for you
I've never seen anyone getting so drunk from nonalcoholic drink.
Thank you, Chef Jung.
My life changed...
since the moment I met you.
Are you happy to have met me?
Of course.
I'm so happy.
I'm good at something.
I feel like I'm a good person,
and I even feel confident.
You gave me so much,
but I don't have anything to give you.
Only if I could do it, I want to make you laugh...
by doing something funny like the song says...
Be careful, Dummy.
I...
like you.
I really like you.
Lee Ru Ri.
Raise your head.
What am I going to do with you?
You just come on to me.
Gosh.
You're beautiful.
Also, you can make me laugh.
This is funny.
Romantic, comedy, romantic, comedy.
Seriously.
Did I scare you?
No.
No. I'm good.
Come on.
You eat so well, Han Gyul.
You have to eat a lot...
to be a great person like me, your dad.
You idiot.
Grandma, Aunt, Grandpa.
Han Gyul. Do you get it?
Lee Ru Ri.
Why do you come home so late these days?
Pardon?
I told Mom.
She's been working late...
to develop a new recipe.
You're only an intern. Why do you have so much to do?
Why do you have to work late?
All you do is making coffee and photocopying.
No, that's not true.
What do you mean?
I also worked in a company before.
You need to know your position.
You're going to be intern forever...
I might become a regular employee soon.
Really?
Are you becoming a regular employee now?
My goodness.
Do you believe her?
She can't even cook ramyeon.
I'll eat my hat...
if she becomes a regular employee at a food company.
- You'll have to eat your hat then. - What?
My recipe was chosen as the new menu for Christmas.
Oh, my. Really?
That's amazing.
You made so much mess in the kitchen making the sauce.
That's great.
See?
Stop discouraging her.
She can be as good as So Won.
Who are you comparing her to?
So Won just had a little scandal,
but as soon as this is over,
he'll be the best son in Korea.
In other words,
he's the son that everyone wants.
My gosh.
You're right.
This should end well.
It's Mrs. Yang.
Hello? How are you?
Did you have breakfast?
Pardon? Today?
Yes. Sure. I'll be there.
It's the D-day.
How did she sound?
It was good.
I think it's going as we hoped.
It's your choice.
Are you going to choose my daughter or your daughter?
I'll help you.
You look thinner.
Make sure to have good lunch.
What?
Is it weird that I'm being nice to you after all that crying?
I thought...
you're suffering as much as I am.
I want to...
I want to help you relax as much as I can.
But...
I'm going to trust you until the end.
You're not going to leave me, are you?
You look handsome...
every time.
- I'll get going. - Come home early.
I'll have dinner ready.
What?
You look beautiful.
Where are you going?
Right.
I'm going to meet someone.
Stay with the maid at home.
Are you going to meet Dad?
No, it's not Dad.
No, Han Gyul.
Am I pretty? I want to go meet Dad too.
My goodness.
You love Dad so much.
Don't come into this room until I call you.
Why did you want to see me today?
If it's about the child,
I promise you once again.
As it was written on the memorandum,
Yeon Ju will never have to worry...
Please shut your mouth.
Someone else will do the talking.
Pardon? Who are you talking about?
Someone's on the way here to talk about the final decision.
Yes.
- So Won. - Father.
Don't be surprised.
I called all of you today...
to end it here.
I see. That's a great idea.
Come sit here.
So...
have you thought about my offer?
Offer? What offer did she make?
Yes. I've made up my mind.
What is it?
It's fine. Tell me quickly.
Is it my daughter or your daughter?
- Of course, it's Yeon Ju. - I...
won't divorce Yeon Ju.
See?
Obviously, he chooses Yeon Ju.
I see. Then...
are you going to leave your child to your father?
No.
I'm going to raise Han Gyul myself.
- Hey, So Won. - What?
What?
What in the world are you talking about?
Hey, what are you talking about?
How are you going to raise Han Gyul...
- if you won't divorce Yeon Ju? - Hey!
What are you talking about?
I told you to choose...
between my daughter and your daughter.
But you're going to live with my daughter and raise your daughter?
Do you think that makes sense?
Do you think I'd accept it?
So...
I'll move out with Yeon Ju.
What? Hey.
I've thought over it.
You told me to choose one.
But I can't do that.
Both Yeon Ju and Han Gyul...
mean so much to me.
You must be insane.
Then what about me?
Those two are precious,
but since I'm not, you're going to abandon me?
Mother.
So what you're saying is...
you're going to split me from my child,
but you're going to be happy with both of them?
You're really clever since you're a doctor.
Hey, are you even a human?
I've been so nice to you.
Only because my daughter likes you,
I gave you everything including my money.
How dare you say that to me!
I'm sorry. I have no other choice.
Even if I move out, I'll be happy...
Hey. Be quiet!
Follow me outside.
I can't do that, Father!
This won't change anything.
What? Follow me!
- Follow me! - Let me go!
This isn't your life. It's my life.
You've ruined my life enough.
What more do you want from me?
Please. I beg you.
Stay out of this.
I'm going to...
live my own life.
What? What did you say?
You jerk! How dare you!
Hard work is wasted.
The child has driven him crazy.
He's gone crazy.
The love I had for you
When are you leaving?
I think the bread is going to get frozen.
I must be crazy.
I took a nap for an hour. I feel great.
Let's stay up all night.
My life changed...
the moment I met you.
I'll be your star
Nothing will...
stop me, not even rock... Never mind.
Not even a rock...
I'm giving up.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
You jerk.
We're no longer in-laws anymore.
Go away.
- Why do you think I said that? - Let's get a divorce.
Do you hate me?
I'm sorry.
He said he had an important plan.
Is he cheating on you with Joo Ae Ri?
The reason Go Jung Do's visiting our company.
He has a family working for our company.